docs: update some janus and showcase references (#2165)
redhat-developer/rhdh: README.md

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) 18
- [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#debian-stable)

Information on running RHDH can be found in our [Getting Started](https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh/blob/main/docs/index.md) documentation. In the documentation is how to set up and run an instance locally. We plan to expand upon the documentation at a later point if there is enough interest in other methods for getting the app up and running.

We are excited to see people wanting to contribute to our project and welcome anyone who wishes to participate. You are more than welcome to browse through our open issues and tackle anything you feel confident in working on.

> We also welcome non code contributions in the form of bug reporting and documentation writing. If you run across any bugs, please raise an issue here in [GitHub](https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh/issues/new?assignees=&labels=kind%2Fbug%2Cstatus%2Ftriage&template=bug.md).

Reviewer: Should we be asking for issues/bugs to be raised in RHIDP Jira instead of Github?

Author: Yeah we mentioned both before and I thought the same but wasn't sure whats the best here.

How about merge this and ask that question in team forum? :)

Reviewer 2: Let's not open the debate about GH issues vs JIRA again. 

We already drive people to JIRA for reporting issues when they go to https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh/issues and try to open a new one

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dbcfe0d1-f2f6-451a-ad15-c5ce831b1d11)

The last new issue was 2 months ago, and before that, 7 months ago.

https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh/actions/workflows/on-new-issue.yaml

So YES, we are using JIRA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also welcome non code contributions in the form of bug reporting and documentation writing. If you run across any bugs, please raise an issue here in [JIRA](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHIDP).
```

Author: Thanks, I didn't know we had such a beautiful notifications when someone creates an issue.

Thanks for fixing and merging :clinking_glasses:
